This software respects and protects the personal privacy of all users of the service. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, this software will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy. However, this software will treat this information with a high degree of diligence and care. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, the Software will not disclose or provide such information to third parties without your prior permission. The Software will update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When you agree to this software service use agreement, you are deemed to have agreed to the entire content of this privacy policy. This privacy policy is an integral part of this software service use agreement.

1. Scope of application

a) When you use the software network services, the software automatically receives and records the information on your mobile phone, including but not limited to your health data, the language used, the date and time of access, software and hardware characteristics information, and the web page records you need;

2. Use of Information

a) After obtaining your data, the Software will upload it to the server to generate your leaderboard data so that you can better use the service.

3. Information Disclosure

a) The Software will not disclose your information to untrusted third parties.

b) Disclosure to third parties or administrative or judicial institutions in accordance with the relevant provisions of the law or the requirements of administrative or judicial institutions;

c) If you violate relevant Chinese laws, regulations or relevant rules, you need to disclose it to a third party;

4. Information storage and exchange

The information and materials collected about you by the Software will be stored on the servers of the Software and/or its affiliates, and such information and materials may be transmitted to, accessed, stored and displayed outside of your country, region or the location where the information and materials collected by the Software are located.

5. Information Security

a) When using the software network service for online transactions, you will inevitably disclose your personal information, such as contact information or postal address, to the counterparty or potential counterparty. Please protect your personal information appropriately and only provide it to others when necessary. If you find that your personal information is leaked, please contact the customer service of the software immediately so that the software can take corresponding measures.
